---
title: Week Notes 2025-29
date: 2025-07-21
meta_description: Week Notes for July 14-20, 2025
meta_image: https://srgower.com/images/WeekNotes-v2.jpg
permalink: /weeknotes/{{ date | justYear }}-{{ page.fileSlug }}/
---

# {{ title }}

*{{ meta_description }}*

[↩ Back to list](/weeknotes/)

### Things this week
Last week was extremely busy at the start of the week (I wrote out some very abbreviated week notes because I felt I didn't have the time to write anything out) but quieted down as the week went on. I'm now a week away from losing half of my staff, and things are in motion. I'm also handing off some work to another department and there are only two weeks for that. I feel some stress to start the week, but I know I'll get through it.

On the weekend I had a nice bike ride to a little island in the city called Maple Island. It's tiny, and there's not much to it, but it was a nice ride. Somewhere I've never been before, and a bridge I've never seen before. Very cool. I also made a test notebook with regular lined looseleaf paper (Hilroy, if you're interested). The long-term plan is making a custom notebook for my wife, and based on timing I think I'll be able to do something for our wedding anniversary. Next notebook test will be something stitched with needle \& thread. 

### Health Notes
I wrote about my progress with my 75-day health challenge - outlining a bit of frustration. Getting that out of my system was helpful, because as I wrote it I regained some level of commitment and a more positive outlook. I haven't reviewed how my week went yet but I will do that shortly after I publish this week note. 

While I'm not seeing any physical progress myself (in terms of numbers, at least), it was nice to hear from my trainer on Friday that he thought I looked good. 

### Tech \& Blog Stuff
* My work computer was upgraded to Windows 11. I made some tweaks to the taskbar to make it look more like Windows 10 (with the taskbar). It's working well, no issues. 
  * I'm currently using Notepad to write out these notes, and even though on my personal computer I'm not using it for coding, it's pretty cool that the updated version of Notepad recognizes my document is in Markdown and I can click on the "Mark-down syntax" button and it gives me a decent preview of what this will look like.
* Inspired by <a href="https://rossbrownfoot.blogspot.com/" class="nametag">Ross Brown's</a> [post about how he's customized his phone](https://rossbrownfoot.blogspot.com/2025/07/more-from-my-smartphone.html), I made some tweaks to my own phone to test some things out. A few things stuck, others I didn't bother with. 
* I have a blog post for my photo blog sitting, ready for me to finish - about what I call "vibe photography". More on that when I get to uploading the photos. 

### Media
* I borrowed the DVD dual copy of *Patriot Games* and *Clear and Present Danger* from my mother-in-law's movie collection and watched those this weekend. I liked both, and *CAPD* was very clearly the better film of the two. Also - you can see how much Jared Harris looks like his father (Richard, in *Patriot Games*). 
* Other things I watched - I started *Shot in the Dark* (Netflix), suggested by my friend after I told him I watched *Nightcrawler*. This show is basically the movie, except without the sociopath. 
* Finally set up my *MLB The Show* franchise mode with the Blue Jays; I was waiting on an All-Star break roster update from the community. It's up and running at [my Obsidian digital garden page](https://franchise.lwgrs.cloud). I nerded out by scoring the first game and those scorecards are posted for game 1. 

### Links
[Shared Links on Raindrop](https://raindrop.io/srgower/shared-links-56296964) - here's what I added this week.

* Daily notes considered harmful | Literally the Void](https://literallythevoid.com/daily-notes-considered-harmful/)
* [Thinking about the Nokia N95 | Whatever the Wind Brings](https://whateverthewindbrings.com/thinking-about-the-nokia-n95/)

### Things I Made This Week
* [A little stressed out | An Almost Anonymous Blog](https://lwgrs.bearblog.dev/a-little-stressed-out/)
* [My phone was case-free for a day | An Almost Anonymous Blog](https://lwgrs.bearblog.dev/case-free/)
* [75 day challenge update | An Almost Anonymous Blog](https://lwgrs.bearblog.dev/75-day-challenge-update/)
* [Handmade notebook test #1 | An Almost Anonymous Blog](https://lwgrs.bearblog.dev/notebook-test-1/)
