---
title: Week Notes 2025-25
date: 2025-06-22
meta_description: Week Notes for June 16-22, 2025
meta_image: https://srgower.com/images/WeekNotes-v3.jpg
permalink: /weeknotes/{{ date | justYear }}-{{ page.fileSlug }}/
---



# {{ title }}

*{{ meta_description }}*

[↩ Back to list](/weeknotes/)

### Things this week 
Honestly...there's probably a lot I could type here about how my week went, but on Thursday the drive home was extended to about an hour because of a two-vehicle crash that sent someone to the hospital with life-threatening injuries. Everything else from my week that doesn't fit into neat categories doesn't seem important enough to type out. 

The only other thing - starting today (Sunday) through to Wednesday morning we have a heat alert going on, with temperatures set to be at "dangerous" highs (according to Environment Canada). Looks like humidex values of 40-45. We're lucky to have *some* air conditioning, and I have an office to work from during the week. But it's going to be a long couple of days. 
### Health Notes
Picking up from the end of last week, I got news from my neurologist at the end of the day Monday that she wants to increase my nighttime dose of levetiracetam (Keppra) an extra 250mg at night, because my levels are lower than "therapeutic" in the morning. I started that Monday night, and I thought when I woke up a little dizzy one morning it might have been related to that; but it was only one morning and I don't think that's the case. 

My back continued to bother me *greatly* and at one point, on Tuesday, it was very distracted on top of being tired. It was hard to get things done. But I persevered, and as I write this tonight (Sunday) it feels much better. Maybe 85-90% but still, better. 

I also started a 75-day health challenge (link below - "Health reset"); the short of it is I have 5 rules that I must follow for 75 days to try to meet my short-term weight loss goal and improve related habits. I'm on day...4 today. I missed my calorie goal on Friday but I more than made up for that today and yesterday. It's not going to be this "easy" going forward. 
### Tech & Blog Stuff 
Don't try to engineer a solution for something that already exists and does it well. Earlier this week I started to put together a music tracking database in Obsidian, and when I went searching for things that interacted with [Discogs](https://discogs.com)...I realized "I should just use Discogs". 

Big disappointment for me: I went to watch *Star Trek VI: The Undiscovered Country* on 4K on my PS5. I was incredibly disappointed. At first it wouldn't play; I had to put the machine in rest mode, then start it up again. And then, it skipped at various points in the movie. I bought this machine primarily to watch 4K discs, and now it can't play them? Conversely, I put in *Galaxy Quest* another night, on DVD, and it played flawlessly. Go figure. 

My Mac's Time Machine backup external HD reached its capacity, which is not surprising. It was a 700GB drive trying to back up a 1TB drive. I was going to run out of space eventually. So I bought a cheap 1TB external drive and moved my photo drive onto the new larger drive. Win-win. 
### Media 
- Found _The Loner_ on Archive.org. it's been mentioned twice now by two different people so I downloaded it. Plex doesn't recognize it though...also - rewatched Galaxy Quest. Can never get tired of it.
- stopped reading _The Creative Act_. Just got really repetitive and I found it to be boring.
- discovered a fun play mode in MLB The Show 24 - play as a specific player. Good way to get through a lot of games in franchise mode without having to play full games.
### Links 
[Shared Links on Raindrop](https://raindrop.io/srgower/shared-links-56296964) - here's what I added this week. 
- [Mysterious carving found in northern Ontario wilderness \| CBC News](https://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/sudbury/archeological-discovery-runestone-northern-ontario-1.7558069)
### Things I Made This Week
- [The similarities between Obsidian and Bullet Journal communities | An Almost Anonymous Blog](https://lwgrs.bearblog.dev/obsidian-bullet-journal/)
- [Stalled weight loss | An Almost Anonymous Blog](https://lwgrs.bearblog.dev/stalled-weight-loss/)
- [Health reset | An Almost Anonymous Blog](https://lwgrs.bearblog.dev/health-reset/) 

