---
title: Week Notes 2025-36
date: 2025-09-08
meta_description: Week Notes for September 1-7, 2025
meta_image: https://srgower.com/images/WeekNotes-v4.jpg
---

# {{ title }}

*{{ meta_description }}*

[↩ Back to list](/weeknotes/)

### Things this week 
I think I already wrote about Monday, it's been a bit of a whirlwind week so I'm not sure what's going on anymore. We played our annual end of year softball tournament this weekend, and we were hopping between two teams and various diamonds around the west end of the city. It was *overall* fun but some downer moments. Both teams lost out before reaching the finals, but fun was had along the way. I finally hit a home run for my Monday team, having hit one for our other two teams already (two each, actually). And on the last day I walked 3 times! I haven't walked much this year. 

At any rate now it's time to recover and put my legs back together. 
### Health Notes
Since my 75 day health reset ended (end of day Sept 2) I've taken a bit of a breather from all of it. I was shy of my weight goal but did very well. I'm going to set up another short term goal plan soon. 
### Tech & Blog Stuff 
- playing around with progress bars 
<label for="bookgoals"></label>
<progress id="bookgoals" max="15" value="6"></progress>

### Media 
- Tried out *The Paper*. It's not for me. I like mockumentaries but this one just...didn't hit. I may try again. But reinforces for me that *The Office* is probably not a show I'm interested in 
- got some great songs from the CBC R3 podcast from 2005 for the last two weeks
- among the first things Elliott reaches ET: war (with star wars figured) and money (with his peanut piggy bank)
### Links 
[Shared Links on Raindrop](https://raindrop.io/srgower/shared-links-56296964) - here's what I added this week. 
- https://actsofvolition.com/2025/09/youtube-is-making-money-on-scams/
### Things I Made This Week
- Spice cake 
- [75-day health reset results | An Almost Anonymous Blog](https://lwgrs.bearblog.dev/health-reset-results/)
- [Tag cleanup | An Almost Anonymous Blog](https://lwgrs.bearblog.dev/tag-cleanup/)

