---
title: Week Notes 2025-26
date: 2025-06-30
meta_description: Week Notes for June 23-29, 2025
meta_image: https://srgower.com/images/WeekNotes-v4.pg
---

# {{ title }}

*{{ meta_description }}*

[↩ Back to list](/weeknotes/)

### Things this week 
There are some big changes at work coming up in the next month, and these changes mean I'll have less opportunity to take vacation days. I booked July 4-11 - and will do my best to take some one-off days where I can. We'll see. My company emphasizes using your vacation days but they can make it difficult to do so. 

Tuesday I went down a short rabbit hole about making homemade notebooks, and I'm going to try it out - I wrote about it, link below. 

This was a good week for softball - I hit two home runs in one game on Tuesday, and was part of a very smooth double-play on Wednesday: I fielded a ground ball to third, ran over to the bag and then made a perfect throw to our catcher at home plate. My wife told me it was really cool to watch the ball catch up to and sail by the runner going home. Wish I could have seen the play from that angle! Overall I played very well this week, and I think I had my best defensive games of the season so far. 

And my car finally hit 100,000 kilometres! I'm a little miffed though, I missed both 99,999 and 100,000 and because I was driving when it hit 100k, I could not get a picture. Oh well. Speaking of driving, I found out that part of my drive home is going to be impacted by construction for two months, I am not looking forward to that. 
### Health Notes
I'm keeping on with my 75-day health challenge. It's going well. I'm trying to stay mindful with it and not just checking off boxes without thought but I can see myself falling into that territory. 

One of the things affecting activity this week was the heat wave that started Sunday through Wednesday morning. Monday was the worst, with temperatures feeling like 45 degress C at the hottest. Those three days were not good days to be active. Nor would it have been safe! 
### Tech & Blog Stuff 
- Switched my media server from **Plex** to **Jellyfin**. Much better results so far; streaming was so choppy over Plex. Plus Jellyfin is far less bloated. 
- I've "finally" started receiving spam messages to my self-hosted email; I was going to try setting up a spam filter but they were just sending emails to my `default` address, which I didn't realize I had turned on. I deleted it from `/etc/mail/aliases` so that should be that. 
- And lastly...I figured out how to connect to my network photo storage drive. That was fun!
### Media 
- We finished watching season one of *High Potential*; it was good, and ofc they ended on a cliffhanger. But season two is in production so we'll at least get a resolution for the cliffhanger. 
- I also tried the game *Pokemon Sleep*. I thought it was going to be super passive and not require very much work on my end; turns out that yes, the sleep part is passive, but you need to log in and feed Snorlax or whatever. Not passive enough for me. I uninstalled it. 
- A few days ago I started a new Franchise Mode on *MLB The Show 24*, picking the LA Angels. The idea is to build up a lower-ranked team. Surprisingly I am 7-2 in the first 9 games but that's not the point. I decided to track my franchise and write about it a little (not sure if I'm publishing yet). I've got a separate vault set up in Obsidian to keep tabs on stats, etc. 
- I found some sequel books to *Caves of Steel* at a thrift store this weekend! Three books in total. Looking forward to reading them (and you should find *Caves of Steel*, [I recommend it](https://slowreader.art.blog/2023/03/17/the-caves-of-steel/).
- I don't know if this is the right category or not...but I realized that my next creative project is going to be simple: compile all of my epilepsy essays together in chronological order and publish them that way. Don't worry about editing or revising, or that some material is too old...just put them all together. 
### Links 
[Shared Links on Raindrop](https://raindrop.io/srgower/shared-links-56296964) - here's what I added this week. 
- [Microsoft surprises MS-DOS fans with remake of ancient text editor that works on Linux - Ars Technica](https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2025/06/microsoft-surprises-ms-dos-fans-with-remake-of-ancient-text-editor-that-works-on-linux/)
- [On Falls | Acts of Volition](https://actsofvolition.com/2025/06/on-falls/)
- [I Deleted My Second Brain](https://www.joanwestenberg.com/p/i-deleted-my-second-brain)
### Things I Made This Week
- [Homemade notebooks | An Almost Anonymous Blog](https://lwgrs.bearblog.dev/homemade-notebooks/)
- [re: friction with calorie tracking | An Almost Anonymous Blog](https://lwgrs.bearblog.dev/re-friction-with-calorie-tracking/)
- [About that 75-day challenge | An Almost Anonymous Blog](https://lwgrs.bearblog.dev/about-that-75-day-challenge/)

