---
title: Week Notes 2025-42
date: 2025-10-20
meta_description: Week Notes for October 13-19, 2025
meta_image: https://srgower.com/images/WeekNotes-v4.jpg
---

# {{ title }}

*{{ meta_description }}*

[↩ Back to list](/weeknotes/)

### Things this week 
I think I covered Monday October 13 in my notes last week because I wrote these on Tuesday (because last Monday was Thanksgiving in Canada), but nothing eventful happened, other than being caught in some of the worst traffic we've experienced in a long time. We try to avoid travelling on long weekends for this reason. Overall it was a quiet week except for finishing softball for the season and paying extra close attention to MLB's ALCS (featuring the Blue Jays). Game 7 goes tonight! Winner goes to the World Series, starting Friday. 

Oh, unfortunately we lost our first softball playoff game Friday evening in a single-elimination tournament, so I think that means we placed 3rd overall. The game didn't go well either, so the season ended on a disappointing note (but we still had fun).
### Health Notes
I'm going to write a post about this soon, but I gave up on my weight goal for the 30-day health challenge I started in September. I'm frustrated with the lack of progress and wild scale swings so I'm taking a break. 
### Tech & Blog Stuff 
I spent time Wednesday deleting online accounts, prompted by news of a recent database breach at Canadian Tire. I changed my password there, and decided that I need to clear all the services I no longer use from my password manager. I recommend doing this often, especially if you re-use passwords (which you shouldn't do, but I am guilty of this as well).
### Media 
I borrowed *On Writing Well* by William Zinsser and *Nosferatu* (2024) from the library. I haven't watched the latter but I've been devouring the former. I can't remember when I placed the hold on this book, so I wasn't sure if it was still something I was interested in. Turns out, it's perfect for me. It is both helpful in improving my writing and inspiring to do *more* writing in different fields. I hope you notice some of the advice contained in the first part of the book while reading these notes.

Otherwise I am thoroughly enjoying *Star Wars Outlaws* (PS5); I haven't played it very much but the world they created is amazing - and I haven't travelled beyond the first planet. So far my preferred method to play missions is to utilize stealth, because I'm not a fan of all-out fire fights. My short-term goal is to gain influence (clout?) with all three criminal factions so that I don't get shot at on sight. 
### Links 
[Shared Links on Raindrop](https://raindrop.io/srgower/shared-links-56296964) - here's what I added this week. 
- [You don't do piracy? Me neither. Here's why: | The Grizzly Gazette](https://grizzlygazette.bearblog.dev/you-dont-do-piracy-me-neither-heres-why/)

### Things I Made This Week
- [Subtitles | An Almost Anonymous Blog](https://lwgrs.bearblog.dev/subtitles/)
- [Quick update: two-sentence journal | An Almost Anonymous Blog](https://lwgrs.bearblog.dev/quick-update-two-sentence-journal/)

