---
title: Week Notes 2025-27
date: 2025-07-07
meta_description: Week Notes for June 30 - July 6, 2025
meta_image: https://srgower.com/images/WeekNotes-v5.jpg
permalink: /weeknotes/{{ date | justYear }}-{{ page.fileSlug }}/
---
# {{ title }}


*{{ meta_description }}*

[↩ Back to list](/weeknotes/)

### Things this week 
At the beginning of this week, I realized that I forgot the end of last week marked the **half-way** point of the year. There are 52 weeks in the year, and 26 is half...that's bonkers! I'd say it feels like we've breezed through the year, but I think it always feels that way the older you get. Something about when you're younger, the time passed is a larger fraction of your life than when you're older. Or something. It makes sense in my head. 

This week however marked Canada Day (🍁) on a Tuesday, which makes for an odd work week. We went downtown for a bit, but found that there wasn't a lot going on (*for us*). We watched fireworks at the Hard Rock Casino which was enjoyable because they had music going along with a great show. On the unfortunate side of fireworks, our dog has taken to hiding in the closet. 

I started what is probably my last full week of vacation days for the year; we're losing two employees in my department - we'll call it "sudden retirement" - as of August 1st. My department was already four people (including myself) so you might imagine how extended vacation might be difficult. So far the weekend was good, Saturday we spent the morning cutting the grass - a big yard. Sunday was rainy, but that meant it was perfect for grocery shopping, laundry, and naps. 
### Health Notes
The 75 day challenge is going well. We're at my in-laws this week which is usually a challenge for calorie tracking. I'm doing my best with a lot of estimates. I brought my bike with me, and the plan is for a bike to the nearby island, which is about an hour. I looked at some of my previous bike rides around that length of time, so this should be no sweat. The main challenge is that it's on a long stretch of highway...so probably good I'm doing it during the week and not on the weekend when there are far more tourists. 

Speaking of the bike...big woops. The rear back tire went flat, probably because I over-inflated it. Luckily I was able to get a replacement tube from a local bike shop. Good to go. 
### Tech & Blog Stuff 
Not much to go on here. I've been getting a lot of spam messages to my self-hosted email so I thought I would try using the built-in spam filter for OpenBSD / Dovecot; I basically broke my email so I undid all the work and just made sure that `default@example.com` is not a valid email address. 

Oh, I also figured out how to connect my network storage drive where I save my photos to my phone and iPad. Very cool to be able to upload to the drive on the go. (I also back them up to OneDrive...I think technically I'm supposed to have a 3rd backup source but I'm not there yet.)
### Media 
There's certainly a lot going on. The biggest thing that's been pleasing me is the Blue Jays' 8-game winning streak going back to Sunday June 29. They're finding ways to win with power, and with small ball. The concerning thing is that this week they used a lot of the bullpen, and they don't have an off-day until Thursday; I expect at least one loss. But they have "easy" opponents coming up in the White Sox & Athletics. 

Other things: 
- Found *Nightcrawler* on DVD - this after waiting so long for a copy from the library. It was only $7 so I bought it, happy to own it. 
- I created a proof-of-concept website based on one of my Obsidian vaults; I'm tracking my franchise mode with *MLB The Show 24* and wanted to set up a website to host it. I went through a lot of trouble but ended up with https://franchise.lwgrs.cloud. I'll write about the process this week. 
	- I'm going to use this method to create a similar site for my "Library" vault. 
### Links 
You can view my [shared Links on Raindrop](https://raindrop.io/srgower/shared-links-56296964) but I didn't add anything new this week.

### Things I Made This Week
- [re: Why I gave up my smartwatch | An Almost Anonymous Blog](https://lwgrs.bearblog.dev/re-why-i-gave-up-my-smartwatch/)
- [re: What's in my pocket Friday 2025-07-03 | An Almost Anonymous Blog](https://lwgrs.bearblog.dev/pocket/)
- [Tasker and automating a video game tracker | An Almost Anonymous Blog](https://lwgrs.bearblog.dev/tasker-tracker/)

