---
title: Week Notes 2025-51
date: 2025-12-23
meta_description: Week Notes for December 15-21, 2025
meta_image: https://srgower.com/images/WeekNotes-v3.jpg
---

# {{ title }}

*{{ meta_description }}*

[↩ Back to list](/weeknotes/)

### Things this week 
Second last week of the year! It feels like so much happened yet so little at the same time. We returned home from some travel and jumped straight into finishing our Christmas shopping. We did rather well, I think. At least, we finished what we needed to for my family's dinner - still some things to do for my in-laws, but we have another day and a half (including today as I write this) to take care of it! My wife loves wrapping gifts so she'll be doing that; I have to work today. But after today, I'm off until Monday! Yay. But that's for next week's final (!) set of weeknotes for 2025. 

I had a day off on Thursday which was followed by a Christmas party for my wife's organization so I went for a haircut. I did something a little different - I didn't want to do my usual buzz cut, because I'm fine with the length - it was just unruly around the ears and back. I liked the way it turned out. On my wife's advice the stylist put gel in my hair for the first time...I found it weird how stiff the hair became (but glad that I didn't have to re-do the hair before the party). 
### Health Notes
We had two gym sessions this week and they both ended up tough on our bodies. I'm still feeling the after-effects a little bit today (Tuesday) - I suppose that's a sign that we worked hard. No more sessions until January.
### Media 
Not too much going on. I finished reading *Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince* in what seems like record time. Once again (as with *Order of the Phoenix*) I split between audio book and reading on my Kobo. I picked up *Deathly Hallows* next but haven't started that one. 

One funny story: On a whim I picked up a used copy of *Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy*, I book I've read before; by coincidence my brother got me a Hitchhiker's tote bag for Christmas (filled with used books) that very same day.
### Links 
[Shared Links on Raindrop](https://raindrop.io/srgower/shared-links-56296964) - here's what I added this week. 
- [Digest 20251214 - The Wallflower Digest](https://thewallflowerdigest.co.uk/life/blog/digest-blog/20251214-digest/) - Excellent write-up of someone sticking with a tool they like because it works for them.
- [Niche Interests & You: How To Break Into A Gatekept Hobby - Sneer Campaign](https://sneercampaign.com/niche-interests-you-how-to-break-into-a-gatekept-hobby/)
- [What Music Ownership Means to Me](https://flamedfury.com/posts/what-music-ownership-means-to-me/)
### Things I Made This Week
- [Wednesday Thoughts 11 | An Almost Anonymous Blog](https://lwgrs.bearblog.dev/wednesday-thoughts-11/)
- [Quick draft for a future post | An Almost Anonymous Blog](https://lwgrs.bearblog.dev/quick-draft-for-a-future-post/)
