---
title: Week Notes 2025-47
date: 2025-11-24
meta_description: Week Notes for November 17-23, 2025
meta_image: https://srgower.com/images/WeekNotes-v4.jpg
---

# {{ title }}

*{{ meta_description }}*

[↩ Back to list](/weeknotes/)

### Things this week 
This week started with my last scheduled day off for a while. I have three days left to book, but I'm not sure when I'm taking them. Still, it was nice - I felt more "productive", and I didn't feel like I spent too much time doing any one thing. The best thing about my day off was the pleasant surprise that I wasn't dragging my feet to work Tuesday morning and didn't hit an afternoon wall. 

Wednesday though...woof. It seemed like every time I went to put my headphones in to listen to a podcast, I would be interrupted minutes later. I'd take them out to interact with whomever needed my attention, and left them out. An extended period of time would elapse and I thought it safe to put them back in...only to be interrupted again minutes later. Must be some sort of rule or law about that. 

Our condo corporation hired contractors to replace the siding on the units, and there's now scaffolding set up at both our front and back doors. Going out the front is kind of nice but needs more decoration. Would they be upset if we hung Christmas lights? 
### Health Notes
I got my blood work results back (the bruise on my arm is turning some funny colours a week later) and turns out my cholesterol levels are high, and higher than the last round of blood work. Something I need to work on. 

We also received our COVID and flu shots this weekend. I had some flu-like symptoms on Saturday, which is normal, but a first for me. 
### Media 
All the media happened this week. Best to break it up into little chunks. 
##### Games 
- Finished the main quests on Toshara in *Star Wars Outlaws*; the last mission, "The Wreck", was a lot of fun (especially exploring the titular wreck). I now have a functioning hyperdrive and headed to my first planet: Kijimi. 
##### Movies 
- My wife and I watched the first two Harry Potter movies, *The Philosopher's Stone* and *The Chamber of Secrets*, on 4K. Both movies look incredible in 4K. 
##### TV 
- Finished *Star Trek Strange New Worlds* season 3; it was overall a let-down but there were some stand-out moments, like the episode "Terrarium". 
- in contrast I started *Andor* season 2, and those first 3 episodes were better than SNW season 3 in its entirety. 
- also watched the first episode of *Only Murders in the Building* - not sure what season we're in, but it's the latest one. 
##### Books
- Finished "On Writing Well" - well worth the read if you're a writer. I wrote a first draft of my review, I need to revise it 
- have been listening to the audiobook for *Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix*; the source material lends itself very well to the audio format 
### Links 
[Shared Links on Raindrop](https://raindrop.io/srgower/shared-links-56296964) - here's what I added this week. 
- [The Analogue 3D is the modern N64 fans have been waiting for - Ars Technica](https://arstechnica.com/gaming/2025/11/the-analogue-3d-is-the-modern-n64-fans-have-been-waiting-for/)
- [why self-host fonts (woff2 & variable) | mgx](https://mgx.bearblog.dev/why-self-host-fonts/)
### Things I Made This Week
- [2024 Week 02](https://franchise.lwgrs.cloud/weekly-recaps/2024-week-02/)

