---
title: Week Notes 2025-39
date: 2025-09-29
meta_description: Week Notes for September 22-28, 2025
---

# {{ title }}

*{{ meta_description }}*

[↩ Back to list](/weeknotes/)

### Things this week 
Thankfully the start of the week did not dictate how the rest of the week would go. I took public transit to work Monday morning, which is something I'm beginning to get used to including into my weekly routine. It's not necessarily going to be always on a Monday, but as I'm back in the office 4 days (and eventually 5 days) a week I don't want to be driving every day. It's a pain, and expensive. Doing it in the summer combined with softball is bad enough. 

But also on Monday I had another seizure. I forgot to take my medication in the morning, which I didn't realize until just before my nighttime dose. I remember taking my pills out of my bag and setting them down on the shelf, realizing that I had not taken my morning dose, and then the next thing I remember was my wife waking me up. I was very confused and felt sick the rest of the night until I fell asleep. Thankfully the rest of the week was rather uneventful. I'm trying to figure out some different ways to make sure I don't miss my pills; I have to call my neurologist. I wrote about the experience a little bit (link below). As a result I took Tuesday as a sick day and I'm happy I did. I played a lot of video games and generally relaxed. 

Beyond that it was mostly a routine week, checking off a few boxes of things I needed to do in general. 
### Health Notes
- Seizure on Monday. Bit down on my tongue, I had a day where I had trouble enunciating and trying to avoid biting down on the swelling again. 
### Media 
- We saw our first live soccer match; Atlético Ottawa vs. Calgary Calvary. The home team won 3-0 - it was very slow for the first...half hour? And then the rest of the game was really exciting. I'd go again. 
- I heard a new track from Aerosmith featuring YUNGBLUD - "My Only Angel". Turns out they have a new EP coming out in 52 days, called "One More Time". If it's available on CD I might pick up a copy. In the meantime I pre-saved it in Spotify (whatever that means). 
### Links 
[Shared Links on Raindrop](https://raindrop.io/srgower/shared-links-56296964) - nothing added this week. 

### Things I Made This Week
- [Backtracking on goodreads | An Almost Anonymous Blog](https://lwgrs.bearblog.dev/backtracking-on-goodreads/)
- [Breakthrough seizure | An Almost Anonymous Blog](https://lwgrs.bearblog.dev/breakthrough-seizure/)
- [re: Hitting my weight goal | An Almost Anonymous Blog](https://lwgrs.bearblog.dev/re-hitting-my-weight-goal/)

