---
title: Week Notes 2025-52
date: 2025-12-29
meta_description: Week Notes for December 22-28, 2025
meta_image: https://srgower.com/images/WeekNotes-v1.jpg
---

# {{ title }}

*{{ meta_description }}*

[↩ Back to list](/weeknotes/)

### Things this week 
It's the final set of weeknotes for 2025! And in consequence the final set of weeknotes to appear on this website (https://srgower.com); I will be moving them over to my primary blog, at https://lwgrs.bearblog.dev. I won't go into the details - just that I have grand plans in my head for what writing will appear on this site (who knows if I'll follow through!). 

2025 has been a whirlwind, that's for sure. I think I would have to read through every other 51 editions of my weeknotes to properly digest it all; as much as people lament LLMs I think that is a good use-case for giving me some kind of summary. I'm not sure I will do that, but I might get bored one day. 

Week 52 saw Christmas and Boxing Day come and go; this was a strange one as it was marked with several hospital visits (don't worry, everyone is OK - long story/stories). But also some great fun! I didn't make as many notes for the week as I normally would, so this is a little sparse.

The biggest thing though - due to some of these circumstances my wife and I took it upon ourselves to cook Christmas dinner, something we knew we would eventually have to tackle. We did very well, cooking a very good turkey and my wife made a delicious stuffing. I was worried about the turkey - I've not even cooked a full chicken before. But it cooked all the way through and wasn't too dry. Big win. 
### Tech & Blog Stuff 
My wife gifted me with a **DJI Mini 4k** (a drone), and I've taken it out for a couple of test flights. I'm still learning how to use it but I can tell it's going to be a lot of fun, and will add to my photography arsenal. I took & edited one photo and will share it on my [photo blog](https://photos.srgower.com) a little later. 

Other than that I didn't do a lot of tinkering last week. One thing I updated was my daily / weekly automated scripts to update the location of my Obsidian weekly notes, as I moved those folders to a PARA method structure. All this means is that I'm no longer manually moving files around. 
### Media 
We didn't watch many different things as we usually do. One of the many channels in free preview this month went all-in on *Gilmore Girls* so we've been (re-)watching that. I don't think we watched any new movies; I did manage to watch a couple more episodes of *Only Murders in the Building*. I did a lot of reading but didn't finish anything.  
### Links 
[Shared Links on Raindrop](https://raindrop.io/srgower/shared-links-56296964) - here's what I added this week. 
- [22.00.0179 The two-tea-towel method • Johnny.Decimal](https://johnnydecimal.com/20-29-communication/22-blog/22.00.0179-tea-towels/)
### Things I Made This Week
- [What's in store for 2026? | An Almost Anonymous Blog](https://lwgrs.bearblog.dev/whats-in-store-for-2026/)

