---
title: Week Notes 2025-43
date: 2025-10-27
meta_description: Week Notes for October 20-26, 2025
meta_image: https://srgower.com/images/WeekNotes-v5.jpg
---

# {{ title }}

*{{ meta_description }}*

[↩ Back to list](/weeknotes/)

### Things this week 
Week 43 (9 weeks to go for 2025!) was exciting. Monday saw the Blue Jays win game 7 of the ALCS, propelling them to their first World Series appearance since 1993[^1]. We got our new TV set up just in time for the game and let me tell you, it looked fantastic. The week was also bookended with games 1 and 2 of the World Series - I watched game 1 with my friend and it was great, especially the 6th inning which saw the Jays bat around (Kirk went 2-for-2 with a home run in the *same inning*). 

Our dog had her annual check up and we decided to get a full work-up to check her insides as well as her physical health. She's in great shape! Losing weight and no internal health issues. 
### Health Notes
I had my own doctor's appointment to look at a hard bump on the side of my foot. The doctor ordered an X-ray and ultrasound for now, and some updated bloodwork (unrelated to the foot). It's a busy time right now and ultrasound labs are booked up, so I may only be able to get the X-ray and bloodwork done. And even then probably not for another two weeks. 
### Tech & Blog Stuff 
- reorganizing my Obsidian daily notes / Weeknotes setup. I wrote about it - link below
- I got a new TV and everything looks great on it.
### Media 
- I kept score of game 1 of the WS - I mean, I had to! First championship I'll be able to fully remember; I was 8 and 9 years old respectively for the 1992 and 1993 series, but I don't have strong memories of them. I will scan my scoresheets soon and share them 
- I watched *Nosferatu* (2024) and [reviewed it in Letterboxd](https://boxd.it/btPRFn)
- picked up my personal copy of *On Writing Well* (Zinsser) so I could return the library copy I borrowed. It's a little strange reading such a pristine copy after reading a well-loved copy 
	- I'm glad I noted page numbers when I copied quotes; I'm going to go back and highlight the passages
- I'm making progress in *Star Wars Outlaws*; I'm taking my time though, because I want to enjoy the game and atmosphere. I unlocked the ship, and there's a mission for it, but I found some helpful videos to do some more things on the first planet (Toshara)
### Links 
[Shared Links on Raindrop](https://raindrop.io/srgower/shared-links-56296964) - no new links this week. In 2026 I'm going to convert this to a "rolloff" where I'll share the links I'm *removing* from the public list. 

### Things I Made This Week
- [Final thoughts on my weight goal for September-October | An Almost Anonymous Blog](https://lwgrs.bearblog.dev/final-thoughts-on-my-weight-goal-for-september-october/)
- [Reworking my Obsidian organization system | An Almost Anonymous Blog](https://lwgrs.bearblog.dev/new-obsidian-system/)
- [A quote from "On Writing Well" | An Almost Anonymous Blog](https://lwgrs.bearblog.dev/a-quote-from-on-writing-well/)

[^1]: I'm sorry, Mariners fans - you're still the only active MLB franchise not to appear in the World Series. But this year's ALCS was a good one. 